i Hello everyone
Let's open it about a box
Hmmm
It is macbook air 2013 model of what is introduced this time with yes
And I ride, but the newest is the guy out of course
re N
It is this that we introduced the other day and
The
It is this to introduce today
There are 2 units here but they are completely together
Only the people who bought the price and the spec together are different
The same couple we met today
I would like to introduce this
eh
It is a mug government of this one is a new guy or habit is a 2012 model that I have
Please be careful not to make a mistake because the person is normal The standards are different and here is usb
3 points
It's a zero usb 3.0 and two mics on headphones this is a dual mic
So I think I can pick it up with a pretty good sound
It's thunderbolt here and here too usb
It is not an optical disk drive and there is entered or Toka sd card slot
There is a kind of space it because a little small
Let's open it
Ai-chan: Now turn on the power
For example Well Netto medium but this is the Mac
By say ssd it is early in the crazy rise
Yes and thank you are the cat screen
Yes
Real Macs can now be used
so
Well , I want to do various things as soon as everyone can use the tools .
But there are things that must always be done first
First of all, it is a software update When such a sound must be bought well
Nde I think I and something one has come
Please update that software
Do not start it over there even when you say how you want to restart when the update is over
not
The up student is finally over with yes
Thank you for you for waiting
By say
After all the update is over, what should I do next ?
I 'm not sure but the place above here
Take time machine or bluetooth
I have to do some battery settings and so on
Well this is also a plow but with the lower dog golden
Well yes please go is your favorite person
The writing since have gained much trouble I Well macbook air ssd
I wanted to introduce it with an app that says how fast the speed is
Because the little I did not come to find today
Well that's the day after
I would like to introduce another time
3 hours from that
It's been a while, though
It is an application of speed test that I found just before found
Disk speed test is a Mac app store
is there
It is a free app to which I said
mac disk
this measures the speed of reading and writing to the sky
First of all, I will look at my macbook pro
Then the screen please your partner from now
I would like to do with the macbook pro 2012 model
After
It is the speed of writing that I'm writing now if you are moving now
About 59.6 seconds per second mb
I wonder if I can read it
I 'm counting now, about 78 mb for about a second
Well this is Well speed Tesutoa such a feeling of those who turn actually disk is spinning hard disk
Is it
In the case of my mac
Oh, it is such a feeling Please remember this number roughly
It is macbook air to have you look at it next time to have it look from now on
Exactly the same conditions but is what another guy had been opened to and also I is what another guy
is
Contents are empty
Oh that the same generation same price same day arrived
You can see it under the same conditions
Let's go get ready start
Wonder if there
If the writing is roughly 314 mb
It takes 705 mb for reading in seconds
is not it
So this one is about five times the previous one
About 10 times that of the previous one was about 9 times
I think this is really the attraction of ssd
It was a report saying that it is much faster than hard disk
It's yes, but today is a little
Number of times
It seems that nasa was Ichi Miyauchi tension to video with Ne
As I was not able to fall in love a little
I would like to introduce you later if I have come up with something else
Well, today is thin for now
It was a story that Macbook Air came
Then